endpoints draft

!! session endpoints should be canned and replaced with account endpoints
- account
/account: account info, 401 if not signed into discord, 403 if unregistered
-post: register account
-get: get account info
-put: update account info

- directory
/users
filter: party, registered voter (true/false)
sort: alphabetical, activity score, server seniority, party seniority

/parties
filter: defunct (true/false)
sort: alphabetical, members, registered members, seniority, unity score

/petitions (you can only view petitions you have created, or petitions you have signed, or petitions you are tracking)
filter: status (pending, failed, passed)
sort: date (creation date if you are the one who created it, otherwise date you signed the petition)


---
pronounds
they
he
she
it

----
party options
presidential candidate process: appointed, elected

----
party null guide
null on user party - user is independent/unaffiliated
null on poll scope - poll is not limited to party
null on petition scope - petition is not limited to party

ALL PROPOSALS
1. An act to ban Raccoonsarecute
2. Legislation to disable firetick
3. Domino's Pizza Promise Expansion Act
4. An act to fine Lemonshark
5. An act to unban Funnycat
6. An act to ban Raccoonsarecute
7. my shit keeps getting blown up act
8. Filter me this Act
9. Are we there yet Act
10. Woke JEI Act
11. Yummy Yummy in my Tummy Act
12. An act to add Veinminer
13. Ouppy act
14. Backpack Act
15. The Industrial Stick Act
16. Train freaks Act
17. Responsible Campaigning Act
18. open the border joe biden act
19. An act to allow iron farms on the server
20. Add fucking tree feller
21. SILLY SHARK ACT
22. SNOWBALL FIGHT
23. Bill for better storage


{
  "title": "Defining the Presidency Act",
  "body": "Authors: Pentagonal, sauce_dude, v1scosity, Random_Medic, CiCi\n﻿\ni am writing this proposal because i lov the president and think he needs more power\n﻿\nIf passed:\nAllow the president to at anytime, including outside of meetings, propose an \"executive action\". These votes would require 2/3 approval to pass. Executive actions are not allowed to concern the following:\n1. Changes to the modpack, on both the server side and the client side\n2. Partial or complete nullification of any legislative actions\n3. Election rules and schedules\n4. Moderation actions such as banning users (executive actions can still concern laws that would ban people as punishment)\n \nAllow the president to add up to 4 proposals to a legislative meetings' agenda."
}